[AILEEN]
Is this smell demon incense?
He hasn't fully transformed.
He can still turn back
into a human.
[gasps]
[AILEEN]
Someone's coming! Flee!
Great. You let a demon escape.
Whatever could
you mean? A demon--
[gasps]
I knew you were a woman.
What's your name?
So I've caught
the church's intelligence
network in a bad light!
Who am I?
You have not a clue,
whereas I know you and
your friend Kyle well!
[WALT]
Oh, do you?
I know you're Nameless Priests,
cleansers of the
Mirchetta Church.
You're demon hunters who were
raised in the shadows there,
and you've been physically
enhanced using demon incense.
You infiltrated the academy
to hunt the demon
your church has been so
desperate to take down.
Perhaps your kind's
penchant for incense
might explain that odd smell.
You get one more try.
Who are you?
[AILEEN]
Not a threat.
Your real identity
is safe with me.
Perhaps, in exchange
we can leave my real identity
out of the equation.
Fine by me.
I wouldn't gain anything from
telling others you're a girl.
And who doesn't love
a salacious secret?
Glad we could reach
an agreement, comrade.
So. How do you plan on
bringing that one down?
[AILEEN] Eyewitness testimony
won't be enough.
But he'll get his
comeuppance eventually.
He'll make any excuse
he can to save his hide.
I worry we'd be remiss
to not look into him further.
Dig around and see what
you can find, like incense.
Afraid I must pass.
The small fry may
lead us to a nice catch.
Let's us be going.
Ailey, huh?
Curious. Might "Ailey"
take a dash of inspiration
from your actual name?
Odd. I can't recall.
[WALT] If we're "comrades,"
then don't be so cold!
I thought you and I were close
enough to swap secrets, no?
I wanted to save my friend
from her fiancé.
He started to grow very abusive.
That's a noble cause.
Is this friend also the victim
in the vampire case?
Well? It's yes or no.
Rachel. Take us back
to the very beginning, please.
Her fiancé's behavior changed
after he started smoking
this suspicious pipe.
I asked Lady Selena about it,
but she was clueless.
[AILEEN] A pipe, huh?
Could be demon incense.
I wasn't certain
what we should do.
So, when Koenig offered
me guidance, I took it.
He told me he knew of a way that
we could both annul
our engagements.
It seemed so perfect.
I see. That explains why you
told your friend
to meet with him.
[RACHEL]
I trusted him.
I didn't think that
he would hurt her.
Who would? And he asked to
meet with you after that?
[RACHEL] Yes. I was so nervous
because he was demanding money.
But I had to figure out
what happened.
[sighs] How odd. In my opinion,
it seems this deviant was
targeting you from the get-go.
Huh?
He spoke to you first,
didn't he?
If your friend was
his primary target,
he would've gone
straight to her.
Ah. I suppose that makes sense.
Regardless, we need to ensure
the professor is
punished accordingly.
Koenig is known for
being a gambler.
Rumor has it he's already
accrued many lifetimes of debt.
Speaking of suspicious pipes,
he's addicted to one.
The solution is simple.
We keep the truth of
the case to ourselves
and obliterate the cur
in the meantime.
[AILEEN]
At moments like this,
I'm grateful to be
on Isaac's good side.
[door opens]
The deed is done.
I pick disturbingly
brilliant allies.
Go on, tell us
how you bested him.
I flashed money in his face and
asked him to a game of poker.
Not only did I obtain
information about Rachel,
but I robbed
the poor fool blind.
Really? How odd,
I heard he was a great player.
Well, I'm an even
greater cheater.
An IOU? That's astronomical!
As long as we have this,
that old man is reduced
to putty in our hands.
Did you happen to see his pipe?
Was it demon incense?
Yes, but he claims he
picked up the pipe offhandedly.
He knew little about
its contents.
To think, he teaches us. [gasps]
As this ordeal comes to an end,
it's crucial we frame it
as an accident.
That way no one will be
suspicious of the victim.
And we need to annul
Rachel's engagement as well.
I'll have to ponder
the best way to go about it.
Better yet, we could
talk it over with her now.
If that's all right, Rachel.
[ISAAC gasps]
You can handle this.
I'll go mop up the professor.
[AILEEN] Does trusting my friend
make you uneasy?
[RACHEL]
Huh? Oh, no, it's not him.
[AILEEN] I'm sorry the man
you put your faith in
turned out to be cruel.
But he doesn't get to
make you write off my sex!
Though it's true
there are horrible men
that seem to feed off
hurting you,
there are much kinder men
that only want to help.
[RACHEL]
I want to be brave.
I don't want to be
scared anymore.
I want to be a woman
who sticks up for her sisters,
just like Lady Selena.
I feel as though I should
bring up the annulment myself.
I can't live in fear.
If I do, nothing will change.
Good. I wish you luck.
I don't want to waste
any more time
walking on eggshells
for the benefit of others.
Ailey. Is there room
for a new member
on your security force?
Of course, we would
love to have you!
Welcome aboard, Rachel.
[RACHEL] I look forward
to working with you.
Us, too!
What, is that your way
of saying you would
like to join the force as well?
If I can know your secrets,
then I can join your club.
Well. Then I have a job for you.
I want to use this classroom
as the security force's office.
So, please get permission
from the school president.
[WALT] Is that all?
As you wish, my liege.
I think the office could benefit
from a good cleaning!
I'll find some
equipment to borrow!
So, all things considered,
how do you plan to
report the vampire case
updates to President James?
I plan to tell the truth,
but I will recommend
that we keep things quiet.
We don't want to provoke or
frighten the student body.
What a surprise.
You came off as the embodiment
of justice herself!
You'd be willing to sweep
this infraction under the rug?
"The small fry might lead us
to a nice catch," yes?
Besides, I'm confident
that the real culprit
is still out there on the loose.
Well. I should get going.
Force duties to attend to.
[GIRLS chattering]
[SELENA giggles]
[AILEEN]
Yes!
[AILEEN] I might've
had to fight for my food,
but at least this
ambiguously historical world
has katsu sandwiches!
[STUDENT A]
Would you take a look at this?
Ha! A desperate
letter to Auguste.
[STUDENT B] Who's pitiful
enough to write this?
[STUDENT C]
"I saw you in my dreams!"
[AILEEN]
Wait, is that?
Security force! Step away
from the bulletin board, boys!
[STUDENT B]
Why would we do that?
Are we not allowed
to read something
that's been posted
for the public to see?
That doesn't seem fair.
[AILEEN] Three on one, huh?
This could be tricky.
[gasps]
Seems like a paltry hill
to die on, gentlemen.
Just in time.
Only the cowardly would
gang up on a lone student.
Come on, let's go.
Yeah. Hurry!
[AILEEN]
Thank you, Kyle.
You spared me some serious
grief. You're a kind man.
Kind, you say?
You're sorely mistaken.
[KYLE] Would a kind person
have done that?
Uh... Yes, actually.
At this point destroying it
was the right thing to do.
What?
[AILEEN] I've stumbled
into the first stage
of Kyle's romance path.
The only difference
is that in the game,
Selena ends up returning
the letter to her friend.
After what happened, it'd be
cruel to give it back to her.
Strange little man.
[AILEEN gasps]
You have no business with me,
nor any concept
of personal space.
Oops. I suppose that
I'm just eager to see
the cats behind
the school, as well.
[gasps]
[AILEEN chuckles]
You brought them food!
I saw it sticking out
of your pocket.
[gasps] Well, this is--
[WALT]
There you are. Ailey, I--
Oh, good. I'm glad
you're here, Kyle.
Why? Has something happened?
We've got mail. A statement
from Ashtarte to be precise.
[AILEEN gasps]
What did it say?
[WALT] "To the foolish humans
who have refused to
grant our request of the
Holy Sword Maiden's head.
Our next target will be
Mische Academy.
Wallow in regret
as your festival
drowns in a rain of blood."
[KYLE] How does the academy
plan to respond?
The grand duke's condition
has yet to improve.
In his place,
his proxy will begin
conducting regular visits
to our campus.
[AILEEN]
Wait a second, that means...
Lord Claude is coming here?!
[AILEEN] The school festival
is the most extravagant
celebration at the Academy.
It's composed of
two major events.
The first day is the
swordsmanship tournament.
In the game, the church
sponsoring the event
very sneakily hides demon
incense amongst the prizes.
This causes poor James
to go full demon mode.
If I can stop him
from transforming,
we'll be able to avoid the
destruction of the Grand Duchy,
and more importantly,
my unfortunate ending!
The major event
of the second day is
the contest to become the ball's
"White Lily Princess."
All in all, it's nothing more
than a glorified beauty pageant.
And... it looks like the
mad dash to find a partner
to the ball has already begun.
What? You dare reject me?
You should know your place
by now, commoner!
But--but I--
[SELENA]
What's the issue?
Please. I think the two of you
would look nice together.
Why not? You haven't said yes
to another suitor, have you?
That's not it.
I want to ask someone else.
Aw, I'm sorry.
I heard Auguste say he
likely won't attend the ball,
because he's going to be
so busy during the festival.
[gasps]
[STUDENT B]
What a joke!
[STUDENT C] She was seriously
going for Auguste?
[STUDENT D] They're not even
close to in the same league.
You're undatable and ugly.
I only asked you to go to the
ball because I felt bad for yo--
[SELENA gasps]
[STUDENT D screams]
[AILEEN]
Bullying is an unacceptable
form of flirtation. Try again.
Huh? Who's inside
the duck? Speak!
[AILEEN]
It's of no concern to you!
I am merely an unimportant duck.
I know that voice!
Ailey Calois? Yes?
Shed the duck
and stop acting foolish!
[AILEEN] I'm on a mission
to jump-kick every boy
who attempts to find a partner
in an uncouth manner.
My quest is honorable
as opposed to say,
posting your friend's
private love letter publicly.
What do you mean, silly duck?
[AILEEN]
Playing dumb?
I saw the girl
who penned the note
hand it over to you
with my very own eyes.
Do you mean to say I
committed that heinous act?
There's not a soul in school
that would believe
that absurdity.
[AILEEN]
That's fine with me.
I was simply
confirming the facts.
[STUDENT A gasps]
The demon lord?
[AILEEN]
Lord Claude!
As we expected, yes?
What a lovely campus.
I expected them to fling
rocks at you upon arrival,
so this is a step up for me!
Ah, the hour of your
next meeting grows near.
We should head that way.
[AILEEN] Belzebuth is
keeping time correctly?
Oh! They grow up so fast!
No. We must first familiarize
ourselves with the grounds.
We must prepare for
Ashtarte's inevitable attack.
But he won't be
able to attack.
There's not a demon alive that
can lay a hand on you, my lord.
Bee-L. You shouldn't rely on
dogmatic assumptions.
Let's think through this.
[AILEEN] He's taking the time
to give Bel guidance?
He's a changed man
and I take credit!
While you're here,
I have a quick question.
Are you familiar with a student
that masquerades as a duck?
[AILEEN gasps]
[JAMES]
A duck?
[SELENA]
President James!
You haven't had your
lunch break yet, have you?
Allow me to take over from here.
Are you sure?
Yes! Oh!
And if you haven't had
lunch either, Director,
I can show you to the cafeteria!
[AILEEN]
What's this crap?
Why is the Holy Sword Maiden's
number one fan getting
all touchy with the demon lord?
That makes no sense!
Now, the two of you
should head back.
I'll trust this
young lady to give me
a more complete picture
of the school.
Huh? Well. If you wish.
Hold down the fort.
Now. Miss...?
Oh no, you can just
call me Selena.
All right. I would like
a full tour, Selena.
Perfect. Leave it
to me. Lord, uh...
Is it okay if I
call you Lord Claude?
Quite, but please refrain from
using that sweet inflection.
My dear fiancée
gets jealous easily
and I know she wouldn't approve.
[STUDENT B]
He's so dreamy!
[AILEEN] His face is
such a deadly weapon.
I wish I had a paper bag
to put over his head!
[JAMES] In response
to Ashtarte's threats,
the director tells me that we'll
have a brigade of knights
at the ready.
As far as choosing
a mediator goes--
Me! I'd be happy to do it.
It should be me.
It'd be more dangerous
for a woman.
Please, my new comrade,
Lord Claude,
would be honored to protect me.
I think you've
forgotten something!
That man's the demon lord,
the enemy of your precious
Holy Sword Maiden!
Be quiet! He's still
a human, after all!
I mean, true.
If you knew about
the Holy Sword Maiden,
then you would know she'd most
certainly try to save him.
You understand?
That's why I plan
to take his side.
[AILEEN]
What a snake.
It seems quite unwise to
have a woman act as mediator.
There's a chance it would
upset the young lady
of the d'Autriche family, yes?
Absolutely yes!
You seem to forget that the
director has a proper fiancée--
[SELENA]
I would gladly take her on.
[JAMES]
That would be foolish.
She's rumored to be
a very aggressive woman.
Who knows what she's capable of?
I heard she has
a harsh personality.
She might even
storm the academy.
Well, the demon lord
didn't bring her along.
Most likely to avoid
the additional chaos.
[AILEEN] Poor gentlemen.
You'll live to regret this.
Have you seen it?
That portrait of hers that's
been making the rounds recently?
What portrait?
[AUGUSTE]
Here. Take a look.
She seems unique.
I'm impressed the demon lord has
such interesting taste in women.
But interesting
doesn't mean good.
It only makes sense
a demon would find
the most comfort
with a beastly bride.
[AILEEN] I don't know who
disseminated this image,
but they have a death wish.
I doubt he had any choice.
I'm sure the d'Autriche family
forced the engagement on him.
Hence my plan!
I'm going to ask him to be
my date to the festival!
Imagine me as the
White Lily Princess!
Lord Claude at my side!
[AILEEN]
On that note, I should go.
These grounds won't
patrol themselves.
I suppose I'll join you tonight.
[WALT]
I will, too.
[KYLE]
Might as well.
[AUGUSTE]
Wait for me, guys!
Why do you insist on
infringing upon my solitude?
The conversation devolved,
don't you think?
I needed to escape that.
Well. Now we can decide
who'll be the mediator.
Unfortunately,
we have no choice.
The demon lord took it upon
himself to request Selena.
[AUGUSTE]
That's a surprise.
[AILEEN]
Lord Claude requested her?
What's going on?
Is he cheating on me?
Come to think of it,
have we ever
walked around
together like this?
No, I don't think we have.
What's the fun in
meandering with men?
It's such a drag.
You would surely operate better
as a student council
if you took the time to
develop some comradery.
Ailey is always full
of such great ideas!
Starting now we'll be friends,
I say! Right, men?
[JAMES]
Absolutely not.
Let's all just focus
and do our jobs.
I don't want any of you lot
bringing me down.
Apologies,
forgot how cold you are.
[AILEEN] I guess it makes
sense these guys can't
get along without
some serious effort.
First, we have the
demon hunters, Walt and Kyle.
And then there's James,
their target.
And lastly there's Auguste, who
eventually deals the final blow.
If things progress
like they do in the game,
these four are destined
to try to kill each other.
No matter what, they can't
find out James's true identity.
[gasps] Are you picking up
that sickly sweet smell?
[KYLE, WALT gasp]
James! What's wrong?
Hush. I'm all right,
don't worry about me.
[AILEEN]
This is bad!
Quick! Come! Now!
Please take President James
to the dorms to rest!
Uh, okay. James,
I'm here to help.
[JAMES] It's fine.
I can make it on my own.
[AUGUSTE] Don't be dense.
You're as white as a sheet!
Listen, Ailey. Now.
I need you to go notify the
professors of what happened.
[AILEEN]
Me? But I--
[WALT] Oh, there's no need,
Kyle. He's safe.
What?
Ailey here is familiar
with our identities,
so you might as well
think of him as an ally.
An ally?
That scrawny-looking thing?
He's not scrawny, he's--[gasps]
We must locate the incense
as soon as we can.
We don't want it
attracting demons, do we?
Oh! But--
[AILEEN]
Look here! This has to be it!
[WALT] It's empty. And there's
not much of a scent remaining.
There's no chance this
could attract a demon.
Odd. Why would someone
leave this here?
Might the church be scattering
incense throughout the academy?
Well. I doubt they would
litter them around
just to have us pick them up.
Seems quite useless.
[AILEEN]
I'm not convinced.
I've heard rumors
that the church is
taking it upon themselves
to lure out the demon
in the academy by mixing
incense in with the prizes
for the swordsmanship
tournament.
Don't say that!
The church wouldn't partake
in such dastardly deeds!
We both know how those
priests could be convinced.
With a few fistfuls
of cash, of course.
Walt, stop it!
By the way,
our client for this mission
is none other than
the Mirchetta family.
I hope our skills will be used
for more than dawdling
in family affairs.
Be quiet! You've
already revealed
more than enough secret
information to Ailey!
Please, he already knows
all that. Don't you?
[AILEEN]
Yes, I know the gist of it.
From the game.
[JAMES]
What is demon incense?
[ALL gasp]
So, uh. Well, it turns out
James is feeling better.
[AUGUSTE]
Seriously? You're all agents?
And you were sent here
on a secret mission
for the Elmir Empire?
That's amazing!
Yes, that's correct.
And even though Walt and Kyle
may look more formidable,
they're still just
lowly apprentices.
But that would mean
you're in charge of us, somehow!
Am I not?
No! You are!
Of course, boss.
More underlings
for the collection.
On a more important note,
does demon incense
make people grow violent?
Yes.
I see. That would explain why
the abuse of women has
increased at the academy.
Huh? I figured that
was the norm here,
but I think you might
be onto something.
We can't let this
horrid substance
poison our school any further!
I'll gladly help
to put a stop to it.
Great. Thank you.
Well? James? Aren't you
going to offer to help, too?
Why would I do that?
It's apparent there's much more
they're hiding from us.
[AUGUSTE gasps]
You say that this demon
incense is very dangerous
and causes mankind
to act violently.
Is that all it does?
I'll be reporting this
to the director of the academy.
[ALL gasp]
James, this secrecy is
merely a part of their job.
I'm sure there are many things
they can't tell us about.
I think we should trust them.
I do envy your naiveté. However.
There's not a single
soul that I trust.
No. I can get him on our side!
James! Please wait a moment!
We need to talk! Right now!
[JAMES] I agree.
There's something I've been
meaning to ask for a long time.
Who are you, Ailey Calois?
Don't be silly, I just came
clean about that, did I not?
[JAMES] Let me ask
a different question.
The other night. You saw
my true form, didn't you?
[gasps]